## Fwd: [ruby-co45253] [RFC] RubyVM::FrameInfo.caller method

## May 28, 2012 From: ko1@a...

誰からも反応が無く寂しいので，  
どなたか考えて下さい...．

結局，保守的に倒して，新しいメソッド名を加えた，という感じです．

    - ----- Original Message --------

Subject: [ruby-core:45253] [RFC] RubyVM::FrameInfo.caller method  
Date: Sat, 26 May 2012 14:07:16 +0900  
From: SASADA Koichi \<ko1@a...\>  
Reply-To: ruby-core@r...  
To: ruby-core@r...

Hi,

I added a class RubyVM::FrameInfo.caller and methods of it. The  
following text is quoted from ChangeLog.

> ## vm.c (RubyVM::FrameInfo): add a class to access each frame
> 
> information. You don't need to parse strings from caller(). FrameInfo has the following methods: FrameInfo#name: method name, class name, etc with decorations. FrameInfo#basename: name without decorations. FrameInfo#line\_no: line number. FrameInfo#filename: file name. FrameInfo#filepath: full filepath. FrameInfo#iseq: iseq if it is iseq frame (defined by ruby script) FrameInfo#to\_s: return caller() method style string. RubyVM::FrameInfo.caller(n, lev) returns array of FrameInfo objects. The name "RubyVM::FrameInfo.caller" is long and ambiguous (it is confusing with Kernel::caller() method), we need to change the name before Ruby 2.0 release. Good names or comments are welcome.

I think it is strange a bit that the singleton method of the FrameInfo  
class returns a collection (array) of FrameInfo objects. And the name  
`caller()' is confusing with Kernel.caller().

Any good name?  
Or any comment of this new feature?

BTW, I added second argument of Kernel::caller(). You can specify  
required array size with it. For example, caller(0, 1) returns only 1  
frame (the current frame which calls caller() method) information string.

* * *

// SASADA Koichi at atdot dot net

