## Will you have meet-up next Tuesday?

## Dec 3, 2015 From: ryudoawaru@g...

みんな様、

Ruby Taiwanの竜堂です

Thanks you all Asakusa.rb guys entertained me and my colleague very well last month :)

I and my colleagues will fly to Tokyo this Saturday for attending RubyKaigi, and so far I did not find any Asakusa.rb’s official pre-party like former years.

Will you hold any meet-up or pre-party next Tuesday? We are loving to join :)

Thank you,

  - 

@ryudoawaru

## Dec 4, 2015 From: takkanm@g...

hi.

We don't have plan for pre-party, but we will do regular meet-up in ESM  
office.  
I'm looking forward to seeing you.

2015-12-03 19:00 GMT+09:00 Mu-Fan Teng \<ryudoawaru@g...\>:

> みんな様、
> 
> Ruby Taiwanの竜堂です
> 
> Thanks you all Asakusa.rb guys entertained me and my colleague very well last month :)
> 
> I and my colleagues will fly to Tokyo this Saturday for attending RubyKaigi, and so far I did not find any Asakusa.rb’s official pre-party like former years.
> 
> Will you hold any meet-up or pre-party next Tuesday? We are loving to join
> 
> <dl><dt>)</dt></dl>
> 
> Thank you,
> 
> - -
> 
> @ryudoawaru
## Dec 4, 2015 From: takkanm@g...

hi 竜堂

How many will come next meetup 5xRuby?

    would like to know the number of people of the whole meet-up.

2015-12-04 10:03 GMT+09:00 \<takkanm@g...\>:

> hi.
> 
> We don't have plan for pre-party, but we will do regular meet-up in ESM office. I'm looking forward to seeing you.
> 
> 2015-12-03 19:00 GMT+09:00 Mu-Fan Teng \<ryudoawaru@g...\>:
> 
> > みんな様、
> > 
> > Ruby Taiwanの竜堂です
> > 
> > Thanks you all Asakusa.rb guys entertained me and my colleague very well last month :)
> > 
> > I and my colleagues will fly to Tokyo this Saturday for attending RubyKaigi, and so far I did not find any Asakusa.rb’s official pre-party like former years.
> > 
> > Will you hold any meet-up or pre-party next Tuesday? We are loving to join :)
> > 
> > Thank you,
> > 
> > - -
> > 
> > @ryudoawaru
## Dec 4, 2015 From: ryudoawaru@g...

hi,

We total 6 people will join:)

  - 

Mu-Fan Teng

On Friday, December 4, 2015 at 10:09 PM, takkanm@g... wrote:

> hi 竜堂
> 
> How many will come next meetup 5xRuby? would like to know the number of people of the whole meet-up.
> 
> 2015-12-04 10:03 GMT+09:00 \<takkanm@g... ([mailto:takkanm@g...)](mailto:takkanm@g...))\>:
> 
> > hi.
> > 
> > We don't have plan for pre-party, but we will do regular meet-up in ESM office. I'm looking forward to seeing you.
> > 
> > 2015-12-03 19:00 GMT+09:00 Mu-Fan Teng \<ryudoawaru@g... ([mailto:ryudoawaru@g...)](mailto:ryudoawaru@g...))\>:
> > 
> > > みんな様、
> > > 
> > > Ruby Taiwanの竜堂です
> > > 
> > > Thanks you all Asakusa.rb guys entertained me and my colleague very well last month :)
> > > 
> > > I and my colleagues will fly to Tokyo this Saturday for attending RubyKaigi, and so far I did not find any Asakusa.rb’s official pre-party like former years.
> > > 
> > > Will you hold any meet-up or pre-party next Tuesday? We are loving to join :)
> > > 
> > > Thank you,
> > > 
> > > - -
> > > 
> > > @ryudoawaru
